Update to Testgrid Documentation (#13670)
kubernetes/test-infra: testgrid/build_test_update.md

If you're looking to develop for TestGrid, welcome! Note that most of the inner workings of TestGrid
are not open source. This is a [known issue](https://github.com/kubernetes/test-infra/issues/10409).

## YAML configuration and config.proto

While TestGrid configuration is located in YAML files, TestGrid doesn't natively
read YAML. Instead, it expects configuration data in [`config.proto`]. This file
is commented, and should be treated as the authoritative "input" schema to
TestGrid.

[`config.proto`] is generated primarily with [Configurator](cmd/configurator).

> Updates to the [k8s configuration]( ../config/testgrids) are automatically Configurated when a change is

Reviewer: I find myself wanting to say "configs" or "config files" more than configuration but trying to stick with your wording for consistency
```suggestion
Updates to the [testgrid.k8s.io configurations]( ../config/testgrids) are automatically Configurated when a change is
```

## Testing

Run `bazel test //testgrid/...` to run all unit tests in TestGrid. Note that this also validates

> the contents of the configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the contents of the [testgrid.k8s.io configurations](/config/testgrids)
```
